Have you ever wondered how
does the audio in video games yes
you want to know the answer then
let's go straight to
point video games occupy the third
position in relevance within the
Entertainment industry at the level
world at the same time is an unknown
For many engineers and enthusiasts
audio today we are going to learn how it works
the audio in the
[Music]
video games the first thing we should know
is that audio for video games is
approaches from a perspective
completely different from any other
audio branch because while in the
Musical production For example and the
post-production is carried out on
fixed materials i.e. film or
the song They will always be the same without
matter how many times they are played
therefore our decisions about the
sound will also be on the other hand
live sound has another perspective
because each concert is different and the
things happen in real time so
every decision about sound is
momentary and often temporary
audio in video games is located
right in the middle of these two and that is
although we know the situation that
We are providing sound, we do not know the
decisions that the player will make thus
example I can't create a song that
have a specific duration for a
level because the player may
finish the level in one minute as well
It may take 20 minutes So we can
say that audio for video games
It is a process in which we must raise
a versatile and adaptable sound all
time
before starting to design the sound
For a video game we must divide the
I work in two different scenarios
cutss and the material in
game the cuts or cinematics are these
rendered PR scenes
play and on which the player
has no control, that is, they are
small videos such as those
are displayed between levels at
introduction or at the end of the game
processing these css is something similar to
work done in post-production
because this scene is going to be the same every time
the times they are played if not
Are you clear about what post-production is?
I invite you to watch the video I have at
respect on the channel then here I must
complete the effects, music and
dialogues and finalize your mix Because
It will be so exactly that it is reproduced
This is a good time to tell you that
You subscribe to the Channel that you like
video And if you like it
share on the other hand there is the material
iname that has another perspective
completely different since we depend
of the decisions made by the player and
These will be different each time
so no audio at this stage is
fixed and there is a possibility that
play many times as well as not at all
If for example we have a defined audio
for when a character takes damage
by an enemy the player may
decide to play the level stealthily
and complete it without taking any damage
therefore that sound is not reproduced
But on the other hand the player can
take the action in your hands and carry it
to face his enemies and
probably this sound is going to
play many
times the individual elements of each
video game are called assets and they
They cover all elements of the game
like the characters the platforms
backgrounds etc. and the sound too
Get in there and these sounds meet
varied functions within the game
Gameplay cues that are basically
indications that provide the player with
information about the game such as
proximity of an enemy when you have
something looks at her or when you finish the
development of a skill these
sounds can also provide you with
feedback so you know if something
good or something bad happens to you
character on the other hand also exist
sounds whose function is to manipulate the
emotions of the player in order to
make the game more immersive imagine that
you are in the middle of a battle and you
energy is reaching the minimum at that
moment the sound will have more tension AND
probably more rhythmic elements than
They seek to create the sensation of anguish and
a little despair in the player
to recover in the same way if we have
Defeated all enemies the sound
can reveal and increase the
feeling of satisfaction with the
victory just like in the
post-production the sound in the
video games are divided into three large
categories effects music and
[Music]
dialogues the effects are probably
the largest category of sounds and the
main task that must be done there
perform is the sound design that does not
It is more than the creation of sounds without
precedents, that is, sounds that do not
They exist in real life and they should be
created for specific events
events in a video game are like
triggers or detonators of certain
things that happen within the game and this
It also includes sounds, for example
when a player presses the button
trigger the trigger event triggers
certain actions within the game such as
Play the gunshot sound but
also show the animation of it and
basically each change goes within a
video game is started and ended with
a
event returning to sound design
the work makes use of the use of
synthesizers and effects to achieve by
example the effect of a
[Music]
laser another type of effect with which
we must deal with these environments
They are usually loops and contain elements
that are not synchronized with the image
and that are usually part of the scene
With them I can give feedback to
player about the environment around him
just like you guys hear this
environment at this moment and that can
change at any time to give a
completely different context than
video there are also sounds that do not
come from sound design
which can come from bookstores
previously developed sound or
can be recorded by the equipment
video game sound here The important thing
is that they are of great quality and that
correspond correctly with the
experience that the player will have in
this example we can see our
character who runs but we do not know the
material on which it does so
you will be able to get an idea of ​​what their
environment nothing more When listening to their
steps and it becomes clearer Even if
we listen to everything
environment now let's talk a little about the
music that is largely responsible
to connect the player's emotions
so for example when seeing our
character with certain music we
can give the perception that it is
in front of something
dangerous or perhaps facing a
adventure
epic or perhaps on a much more journey
emotional but at the same time we have to
be consistent with the general concept
of the game So for example a theme
musical can be presented in versions
different ones that adapt better or worse to the
concept of the game, such as this one
case
[Music]
and for you, which one is the most consistent with
this character Leave me your opinion in the
comments probably on music
is the biggest difference with respect to
the tasks that are done in the audio Y is
than composing music for video games
requires quite a lot of skills
special and specific music in
video games should be viewed from two
points of view first it is about the
duration And the fact is that each piece of music is
developed for a specific level
and it must be as long or as short
such as the player's ability to
end that particular event That
It means that music must be able
repeat as many times as possible
necessary without the player noticing that
It's started again and this is achieved
regularly with the use of loops
fragments of music repeat
constantly and are adjusted accordingly
careful so that happiness is not perceived
repetition in this way music can
have an infinite duration and
end the event in question
will reproduce a Splice with another piece
musical or with the completion of the
[Music]
The other point of view is the
layers that make up said piece of music
And these tend to behave
dynamic way Regarding events
what happens in the
game
that is, music is not the same When
an attack has just begun that when the
player is about to exhaust all his
energy and the end of the event It is not the
whether the player wins or loses the
game this is solved by composing and
arranging music by layers of sound
that allow placing and removing
instrumentation and effects in
certain game events as well
our player can pass from entering
an enigmatic environment to have a phase
of action with many options in
intermediate dialogues in a video game
require to be dynamic and generally
a huge amount of files must be recorded
lines a line can be from a
simple reaction like an uh Ah to a
line of dialogue And it is that regularly
a line of dialogue is recorded with two or
three variations so that in this case
is repeated does not sound
[Music]
monotonous It is also important to highlight
that the dialogues must be
especially clean since these are
they will end up reproducing in large
variety of situations that change
depending once again on the
player's decisions And it is because
example the acoustics of the stage
will alter the reverberation with which
mix up the dialogue because it's not the same
that the character is in a cave
cave than in a bathroom a bathroom or in the air
free or in the open air now there is
some effects that need to be added to
the dialogues before being in the list
of assets So if a character of the
game has an effect that defines your voice
This does not depend on any event and
So much is processed before entering the
game a natural process in most
of video games is dubbing others
languages ​​And this is another stage of the
dialogues since they must be adapted here
each of those hundreds or thousands of
lines to a new language Here we have to
take into account the consistency in
certain extent and the duration and intention
with the original interpretation
Now all these sounds must be
programmed to work within
of the game and although it is not a task
specific to the sound engineer Yes it is
very likely you will have to learn
some programming Since in certain
So this will help you understand which
are the possibilities and limits of
game engine Okay one more thing for
define the game engine basically
is the software on which
developed you've probably heard of
from Unity or unreal engine or Cry engine
These are motors
game So not because you have an idea
means that it can be implemented
because the game engine has some
limits So if for example I want
make a sound have a certain level
of attenuation or that of the sensation of
distance and let the motor take care of
to do that first I must know if it is
possible and under what parameters the engine
He does it for this reason I must delve in
also a little in the
programming And if the work already seems
titanic you must also concentrate your
energy in doing something unique and
conceptually interesting since
same time being a job that
It requires a lot of technical skill too.
It is on an artistic and creative level very
plaintiff because it is not just about
place the sounds but to give a
auditory identity that is consistent with
the interesting visual part for him
player and who is the main participant in
the immersive experience of
[Music]
I play something that maybe you don't imagine.
that for many of those involved in
the development of a video game
experience is very far from sitting at
play for hours in fact at most
Sometimes you find yourself developing
content for a video game OR character
or situation that you have not seen and how about
time you won't see Until the game is on
Test phase or directly after the
launch I have particularly had
the opportunity to work in large
video games like cyberpunk 2077 it takes
two or Need For Speed ​​among others and the
I really haven't played any of them.
they
audio for video games is a very topic
extensive and we will try to address each one
of its details in future videos in the
Channel for now This was all for today
about gaming audio
that you liked and let's go straight to the
[Music]
spot
Yo